Q1. Write a python programm that create a Vehicle class with brand, color and max_speed instance attributes. then create an instance and print the instance attributes.

Q2.Create a Vehicle class without any variables and methods

Q3. Create a Dog class that has name, age and an instance method that bark (when bark method is called print 'Bark')

Q4. Create a class Vehicle with attributes of the Q1 and also with a static method that converts Miles per hour to Kilometers per hour.

Q5. Create a child class Bus that will inherit all of the variables and methods of the Vehicle class (in Q4)

Q6. Create a parent class Vehicle and a child class Bus, parent class should have number of seats attribute and have a method that prints out the model of the car and number of seats.

Q7. Create a Python class Person with attributes: name and age of type string.
Create a display() method that displays the name and age of an object created via the Person class.     
Create a child class Student  which inherits from the Person class and which also has a section attribute.      
Create a method displayStudent() that displays the name, age and section of an object created via the Student class.        
Create a student object via an instantiation on the Student class and then test the displayStudent method.

Q8. Write a Rectangle class in Python language, allowing you to build a rectangle with length and width attributes.     
Create a Perimeter() method to calculate the perimeter of the rectangle and a Area() method to calculate the area of ​​the rectangle.       
Create a method display() that display the length, width, perimeter and area of an object created using an instantiation on rectangle class.        

Q9. Create a Python class called BankAccount which represents a bank account, having as attributes: accountNumber (numeric type), name (name of the account owner as string type), balance.     
Create a constructor with parameters: accountNumber, name, balance.     
Create a Deposit() method which manages the deposit actions.        
Create a Withdrawal() method  which manages withdrawals actions.        
Create an bankFees() method to apply the bank fees with a percentage of 5% of the balance account.      
Create a display() method to display account details.       

Q10. Create a flash card.
Take the word and its meaning as input from the user. 
Create a class named flashcard, use the __init__() function to assign values for Word and Meaning.      
Now we use the __str__() function to return a string that contains the word and meaning.        
Store the returned strings in a list named flash.       
Use a while loop to print all the stored flashcards.
